I'll make you pay for this,
Mitsuki!
(ANGRY YELL)
Lord Ku! Please, stop!
Be gone!
You need medical attention!
(ANGRY GRUNT)
(FRUSTRATED)
(ANGRY)
Hey, wait!
Watch out!
(SHOCKED)
Mitsuki!
Thanks for that!
(AFFIRMATIVE) Mhm.
(PLEASED CHUCKLE)
[SEKIEI] Mitsuki!
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
(ANGRY)
That guy--!
Boruto, Sarada, go after Ku.
But, then-!
Please, trust me.
(WORRIED)
I'm sincerely grateful you
came for me.
But still... there's something
that I must do first...
before I can go back to the Leaf
with you.
(WORRIED)
All right.
Mitsuki.
Why?! Mitsuki?!
(SHOCKED)
(GROWLS)
I won't let you go any farther.
You just don't know when to give
up, do you?!
But this time... I will kill
you.
What?!
Let's go!
Yeah!
(CHARGING GROWLS)
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
You completely deceived me this
whole time, Mitsuki!
Please stop this, Sekiei.
If you keep this up, your body
will fail.
I can see right through you!
Stop pretending that you're my
friend!
Lady Tsuchikage has been
released. It's over for Ku...
You need to accept that you've
lost.
Shut up!
Sekiei, there's no need to keep
fighting.
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
You were just lying to me all
along!
I thought that you were
my friend!
I felt that we were really
compatible!
[SEKIEI] I truly believed that!
But in your heart...
You were laughing at me the
entire time, right?!
No, you're wrong about that. I
really want to help you.
What?! Help me?!
If that's really the truth...
then give me your heart!
(GASP)
I won't let you get away,
Mitsuki.
(DETERMINED)
(CHARGING GROWLS)
(WORRIED)
(KICKING)
(ATTACKING GROWLS)
Cha! Take this!
(PUNCHING)
(PUNCHED)
Thank Sarada!
It's still too soon to thank me.
(GROWLING)
(GIGGLE)
Those glasses really are pretty.
It looks like I'm going to get
to take them, after all.
I'd forget about doing that.
You wouldn't look very good with
glasses on.
How arrogant!
I wouldn't talk so big if I were
in your situation.
Just face it: you're completely
out of options now.
And yet you're the one who's
panicking, right?
I see it on your face!
Shut up!
(GASP)
(ANGRY)
I'm gonna crush you!
W-What's this?!
(CURIOUS) What?!
No way!
(GROWL)
(GIGGLING) I was saving this
dolly for last!
Unfortunately... it's not very
pretty to look at.
(STUNNED)
But, anyway,... to get rid of
ugly little dollies like you...
(EAGER GROWL)
...this is the perfect thing to
use!
(PUNCHING)
(SHOCKED)
(CACKLING)
(ATTACKING ROAR)
(PUNCHING)
(STARTLED)
Damn it!
(WORRIED)
[GARAGA] Seems like you're in an
uncool situation, brat!
Wait, you're-! Of course!
You're mincemeat!
(EAGER ROAR)
Summoning Jutsu!
(ATTACKING YELL)
(ANGRY ROAR)
(SHOVING)
(HITTING THE GROUND)
What's that?!
Thanks for saving me, Garaga!
Huh? And just when did I save
you?
(ANNOYED) You're horrible.
That's why you're such a spoiled
brat!
Why are you still so fixated on
that?
Look, I'm in a bad
situation here!
Like I care.
All I'm doing is putting out the
sparks that are raining down!
(ATTACKING YELL)
(CHUCKLE) See? You're fighting
for me, after all.
Shut up! I'm not doing this for
you! This is my...
Let's wrap up this mission with
a bold move!
Yeah, there's no way
we're gonna lose!
Mitsuki!
Thanks for that!
(AFFIRMATIVE)
My what?
[GARAGA] I just kinda figured...
well, maybe it's not such a bad
idea to start trustin'...
and helpin' out humans again.
(ATTACKING ROAR)
(EAGER ROARr)
We have to stop ugly things
before they grow in number!
Go, Akuta!
(DETERMINED)
(SHOCKED)
(SWINGING)
Garaga!
(COUGHING)
Damn it!
Boy, that was a close call!
Who said you could jump on me?!
(CHUCKLE) Here he comes!
(ANNOYED) Just don't get
yourself knocked off, brat!
(PUNCHING)
(STRUGGLING)
(CACKLE) I knew it! You may be
humans...
but you're not pretty at all!
(SENSING SOMETHING)
(STARTLED)
Don't underestimate me!
(SHOCKED)
Die!
(STUNNED)
Huh?!
Don't underestimate my
Sharingan.
Lightning Style: Lightning Ball!
(YELL)
(STRUGGLING)
Did you at least get to see
something pretty?
So sorry it wasn't real.
Just a little while ago, you
said we're not pretty at all.
But there are precious things
hidden inside of us humans.
Lots of things.
[SARADA] Like never giving
up...
...the courage to disobey...
...and the Sharingan.
(STRUGGLING) Shut up!
(SHOCKED)
No! Why'd it have to be this
way?
Hey, Akuta! What are you
doing, huh?!
Hurry up! Come and save me!
(NOTICING)
Stop him!
Right!
(STRUGGLING)
Just tear that thing off of you,
already!
(DETERMINED ROAR)
(STRAINING)
Garaga! (DETERMINED)
(THROWING)
(RELIEVED)
Garaga! Get him now!
(STRAINING) Yeah! I'll
break him into pieces!
(STRAINING)
(FRIGHTENED) No! No, stop!
Someone as pretty as me can't
end up like this!
Even if you were all dressed up
on the outside...
it still wasn't enough to truly
make you beautiful.
Mitsuki... You wanted to kill
all of us...
right from the very
beginning,... didn't you?
You just pretended to be on our
side while you toyed with us.
(DOWNCAST)
I'll never forgive you! So
just die!
[MITSUKI] If killing you was my
goal...
...I wouldn't have saved you
back in the desert.
I had to find out if you were
going to bring harm...
to the Hidden Leaf Village.
That's the reason why I came
along with you.
The answer should be clear!
We are now the guardians of
the world!
You're wrong. Ku has taken the
wrong path.
And he can't turn back.
As things stand, you'll be
seen as an enemy to humans.
What do you even know?!
Lord Ku... is doing this for the
sake of humans!
(SHOCKED)
[MITSUKI] I understand...
(FRUSTRATED)
It's probably because we're
actually very much alike.
Just as you said,...
perhaps we truly were
compatible...
And that's exactly why I know.
You know what?!
All of you have a will! You do,
just as I do.
That is why I want
to save you. That is my will.
You have no right! You betrayed
your friend!
Now quit running away! Come out
and fight me, Mitsuki!
I'll show you my full strength!
Fighting against each other like
this is just pointless.
Oh, yeah? Is that so? All
right, then...
I'll give you a reason to fight
me.
I'll kill Boruto!
That precious friend of yours...
Yes, your "sun in the sky!"
I'll kill him with my own hands!
Do you really think fighting is
the only option?
Yes. There's no other path left.
Sekiei...
Very well...
Made up your mind, huh?!
Sekiei!
Mitsuki!
(SHOCKED)
(STRAINING)
(LEAPING)
(GASP)
Now disappear forever!
Lightning Style:...
...Snake Lightning!
What's going on?! Why didn't
it explode?!
(DISCOMFORT)
(STRUGGLING) Mitsuki...!
Sekiei, your jutsu's Earth
Style...
...so my Lightning Style can
nullify it.
What...? Then I was right.
(collapsing) That proves it...
we weren't actually compatible
after all...
(STRUGGLING) I have to hurry...
Lord Third!
(NOTICING)
Sekki?! What are you doing here?
Yes. It's me, sir. You see...
Mr. Akatsuchi told me to come
rescue you, so here I am!
Akatsuchi did? I see. Well,
thank you for coming.
[SEKKI] Now...
...Climb on, Lord Third. We'll
go and join the others.
No. I cannot simply run away
from this.
Huh?!
Please, Sekki, I need your help.
Where do you want to go?
To a place where I can put an
end to this battle.
(STRUGGLING) Time's running out.
(STRUGGLING)
(ANGRY)
[DOCTOR] What happened?!
You're in critical condition!
(WORRIED)
Not yet!
I cannot afford to fall now, not
when we're this close!
Hurry! Hurry and get the
heart!
I'm very sorry to say this...
But all the donors escaped...
before I was able to get
the heart completed.
If only I had the raw
material...
I could get one
ready immediately.
I see... You just need the raw
materials?
A human heart!
(FRIGHTENED)
(STRUGGLING)
Mitsuki...
Try not to move.
(RELAXING)
Listen to me. I know of a way we
can get a heart for you.
The one who made me. He'll be
able to get you a heart.
[SEKIEI] You don't have to
console me.
(TAKEN BACK)
Everything else aside... I know
my own body.
(DOWNCAST)
It's just so unfair! From the
very start,...
you already had what I desired.
I had what you desired?
Remember what I told you?
I wanted to have something to
protect.
Someone precious to protect.
(SHAKY INHALE)
[SEKIEI] Humans have others they
cherish...
and that's why they get
stronger, right?
Lord Ku, Kirara, Kakou,
Kokuyou,... and you.
You became... someone precious
to me.
But I guess, in the end...
we couldn't be like you and that
Boruto guy.
(DISCOMFORT)
Sekiei...!
Your strength...
I know now that it was a
strength to protect Boruto...
not me...
(WEAK CHUCKLE) Man, I totally
envy him!
[SEKIEI] Hey, but... why
didn't you want to fight me?
I mean, after all... I am your
enemy.
[MITSUKI] No, you're not.
(SURPRISED)
Like you said before...
I sometimes experienced
loneliness...
while I was in the Hidden
Leaf Village.
Boruto and everyone else
treated me very well. And yet...
...sometimes...
...I felt as though my words
just weren't able to reach them.
If that's what loneliness is...
...then I figured that you were
correct.
You guys and I are alike.
Really? We are?
I fought because it was for
Boruto. But not just for that.
What I said before was...
...meant for you.
[MITSUKI] I just wanted you to
stop.
Mitsuki...
Sekiei!
I used too much chakra...
But I guess I won't be the only
one to die.
(CONFUSED)
I can tell... Kirara just
died...
Kakou and Kokuyou, too...And
I'm going... to join them now...
[SEKIEI] Hey...
(TAKEN BACK)
Mitsuki? We were...friends,
too... weren't we?
(WARM CHUCKLE)
(DISTANT FIGHTING)
(ATTACKING GROWL)
(KICKING)
Lady Tsuchikage!
We've subdued the enemy on the
village's north side.
All right. I leave you in
charge of tending to the wounded
and guarding the rear, then.
Yes, ma'am!
All those who can still fight,
come with me!
Right!
It's awfully quiet out here...
No Akuta, either...
[SARADA] Don't let your guard
down.
[BORUTO] I know!
I'm gonna capture Ku no matter
what.
(SURPRISED)
Mitsuki!
Thanks for waiting.
You're late, y'know!
Sorry.
Are you okay?
(AFFIRMATIVE)
Maybe later on we can get the
details.
(CHUCKLE)
It looks like Ku's holed up
somewhere inside there.
He won't be able to move very
well with that injury...
We're gonna wrap this up
quick...
and get back home to the Leaf
Village!
Boruto...
(NOTICING)
You've come here to die, huh?
Is that it, you weaklings?
I gotta say...
you don't look too bad for
someone Mitsuki just wounded.
(GASP) Wait! Look at
his chest!
Th- that's-!
(STUNNED)
(SINISTER CHUCKLE)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[OHNOKI] Because we've
experienced pain...
we realize the preciousness of
peace...
and do our utmost to protect the
weak.
But... there are times when we
hit a barrier...
and lose the will to do so.
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Ohnoki's Will"
If you've had a chance to face
yourself...
you can pick up the
pieces and start over.